# 写在开头
应试教育的当下，英语学科作文也是越来越卷，想拿高分首先是需要字好看，我字又比较有特色，所以内容呈现就需要更加优秀和丰富。在这篇新博客的第二篇文章里，我整理出上学期一些模板语句以及我认为的比较有参考价值的范文，供自己记背，同时也分享出来了！

# 读后续写相关
## 情绪描写
### 焦虑,担忧,紧张,尴尬
A flood of tension welled up in her. She could feel her palms sweating and her heart beating wildly in her chest.
Nervousness took hold of me. My heart almost leaped into my mouth.
With butterflies in my stomach, I breathed deeply.
The man stood there clumsily, embarrassment written on his red face.
She felt nervous and uneasy, feeling like sitting on pins and needles.
She was so nervous that she felt her throat tight and her mouth dry, wondering what to do next.

### 开心
Hearing the good news, she smiled happily, her eyes twinkling with stars and her eyebrows dancing.
A smile lit up his face and his eyes were twinkling with great joy.
Pleased beyond description, he jumped up happily.
Overwhelmed by surprise and ecstasy, a gorgeous smile lit up her enchanting face.

## 主旨升华
It was this experience that taught me a lesson that xxx
Not until then did I realize that xxx
Had it not been for this experience, I wouldn’t have gotten the chance to learn the lesson that xxx
Even now, I am constantly reminded of the experience where I got the lesson that xxx
It is a memorable experience which I will never trade for anything.
This experience serve as a reminder that xxx
This experience in which my brother and I were taught a lesson on xxx will forever stick in my mind.

# 应用文写作相关
## 开头&结尾
### 开头
Learning /knowing that……. , I am writing to offer my(humble) recommendations 
delighted/sorry to know
Having received/As for/With regard to your letter saying ……. , I am writing  
Below list my recommendations/ Here come recommendations/ my suggestions are as follows

### 结尾
I do hope you will take my advice into account/ consideration.
I do hope you will find these proposals/ suggestions/ recommendations practical/useful/helpful/.
I would be more than delighted if my suggestions will meet with your consideration
I would appreciate it very much if you could consider my suggestions
I harbor a firm belief that you are bound to do……


## 一些范文
### 倡议书范文
Dear schoolmates, 
On behalf of the students' Union, I am writing to appeal to you to actively participate in a campaign to promote physical exercise and health on our campus.  
With the rapid development of technology and increased study burden, most students lack sufficient exercise, resulting in multiple health problems ranging from obesity, poor eyesight to weak immune system. As the saying goes,"A healthy body is the foundation of a successful life." Not only can it strengthen our physical health, but it can also contribute to our academic performance.
Let's take the initiative to exercise and keep ourselves healthy.(  I advocate that they should engage themselves in exercise.) Only by doing exercise can we harvest happiness.

### 活动介绍范文
Last weekend witnessed a “Natural Disaster Safety Education”launched by the school’s student union which was well received/highly praised.
Initially, Dr. Zhang was invited to give a lecture on disaster and emergency management, equipping us students with relevant information about natural disasters and protective measures. Then came practical exercises where we applied what we learned into practice, for example, how to use fire extinguishers and give first aid, reinforcing our relevant knowledge. 
This activity turned out to be a success. Not only did it let us understand the threat of natural disasters , but also it made us master some protective measures. (It was through this activity that as well as understanding the threat of natural disasters, I mastered some protective measures . ) This was really an unforgettable and rewarding activity, which made a deep impression on everyone.             

### 演讲稿范文
Good morning, everyone, It is my honor to deliver a speech whose theme is responsible camping.
Camping is fun, but some people practice irresponsible camping , including littering,  damaging plants, disturbing wildlife and leaving their campfires unattended, posing risks to nature and other campers./adversely affecting nature and campers.   
Please remember,"Leaving nothing but happiness." This means when we should clean up after ourselves and respect the environment.  Only in this way can we ensure that nature stays beautiful for everyone. 
To sum up, let's camp with care and leave behind only positive memories. Thank you! 

Good morning, dear Judges. My name is Li Hua. 
I’m honored to be here today as a candidate for the volunteer program and hope to host students from our sisters school from the UK next month.
I am fully convinced/ confident that I can be equal to this job/position.(can be qualified for ). First and foremost(Initially), I have a good command of (am proficient in) English, making it easier to communicate with our guests.(enabling me to communicate with our guest with great ease) Additionally(On top of it/Furthermore/in addition), armed with a wide knowledge of Chinese traditional culture, I can expose them to its essence. Last but not least, It is participation in several similar activities that has equipped me with relevant experience. （Not only am I outgoing and energetic, but also I am optimistic and enthusiastic, which contributes to offering better services to them). 
If given the precious opportunity, I will spare no effort /leave no stone unturned/do my utmost/exert all my energies to do it well and live up to your expectations.
That’s all ,Thank you!

